Your mission is to take the photo
gallery and the to-do viewer component
that's currently just being displayed
as two different, side by side.
We're gonna make them routes, so it
should be /display/to-dos/display/photos.
And then if you want, go ahead and update
the NAV bar as well to reflect that so
people can jump between the two.
And the other thing is I still want
you to leave the display page intact
in terms of let's just check to
make your life a little bit easier,
let's just delete all this Display So
basically if someone goes to slash
display, it should still show a page.
And then when they go
to the specific routes,
then they'll see the individual
apps separately, that is the plan.
So I'm gonna push this up so
that no one's confused.
Simplify Display page.
>> And just to confirm,
the URLs should be, whack display,
whack photos, whack todos.
>> Yeah, so actually, what I'm gonna do
just to help you out too, Let me just,
in here, I'll just put this as a todo.
So, the result we're looking for,
is we wanna have two new routes,
we have /display/todos, and
we have /display/photos, just like that.
These are the NAV paths
you're looking for.
We're now at the point we're
starting to nest folders, right?
So let's talk about what most likely went
through the approach, is that you probably
thought, okay, I'm gonna create a folder,
call a display or let's say display.
Then I'm gonna create
a file called todos.view.
And I'll create a file called photos.view.
And again, for the sake of simplicity,
right now we're not gonna worry about
functionality, we're just
literally gonna show the page.
So we just need to have an h1 here,
this will be for photos and
then I'll copy all that.
I dropped out here, this will be todos.
Okay, this this feels pretty good,
let's see what happens.
So I'm gonna come over here and we're
gonna refresh, it looks like the home is
still working, display is still working,
okay, pretty good.
Anyway, okay, let's actually add
the navigation items because that's how we
can actually test if
this is actually working.
So we can go here, let's go to
the navbar that we have over here.
And let's just drop this down
to the two that we care about.
And then let's go ahead and
wrap these two in the NextLink component.
Go to the end, also NextLink.
Then we'll go ahead and just say this,
so this is alphabetic order.
Let's do Photos, so in those two todos.
Finally, we'll just go ahead and
do the to attribute /display/ what?
That will be /photo/todos, okay, so far
I think it seems pretty standard, right?
Great, so we'll come in here.
It looks like it's already anticipated it.
He said we're clicking on it and
nothing is happening, weird.
Why is that happening?
Well, the reason this is happening is
actually expected, this is not a bug.
It's because when you define a top
layer page like this, that's display.
Remember, if we think about
traditional HTML routing,
what is displayed normally expect?
An index.html page.
So in other words you've kind of like the
routing is, it kinda stops at this point,
where it's like there's this display.view,
so I don't need to look any further.
But one way to approach this is we
could say let's remove display.view
inside of the display directory,
and make this index.view.
This is one way to approach it, so just to
verify that this works, let's go ahead,
and update this.
We go to home, display, there it is,
photos, todos, easy enough.
But believe it or not there
actually is another way to do this.
So one of the things that got a lot of
press recently I think within the React
community is around
the idea of nested view.
But nested views has actually existed
inside of view for a long time.
And what it essentially means is that
remember one of the things that client
side routing tries to do for you,
is that it tries not to make you reload
the entire resources of the pages.
One of the benefits of towels.
And so if you think of it one way is that,
well, if you know that your
app.view is what you share.
And then it stands to reason that when you
have children routes of a parent route you
might actually want to just
render on part of the parent and
not refresh the entire page.
Because right now the way we're doing it
we are we are getting basically a whole
new page every time, right?
Index.html, todo.html, photos.html.
And there's some optimization there but
roughly let's say conceptually
that's what's happening.
What if for instance we actually
wanted it to be a sub part?
So let me go ahead and
rename this back to display.view.
And we put it back under pages.
And this time, once again,
let's say we have a section down here and
we're gonna call this thing
display app for now, placeholder.
And then ideally what we wanna say right,
is there's some sort of slot
that accepts the children.
That's what we wanna ideally be able to
do because everything else needs to say
the same,
we just need the section to change.
Well, we talked about this earlier.
All we need is the next page component,
just like we had before at the app level,
when it's used, basically it knows that
like from this point on any children
of this page of display will be
dropped inside of this slot basically.
So to show how that works, we go back.
Whoops, that's too far.
There we go,
I forgot boma is linked up there.
We didn't actually replace [LAUGH]
that yet that's why that's doing that.
All right, home, display,
hold up, display index view.
I think I crashed the server, hang on.
So when you're playing around with routing
like this, where I'm intentionally messing
with it, occasionally you'll
need to reboot your server.
Just know that that's a thing
that sometimes happens.
Okay, there we go.
Now, we have to display at placeholder,
photos, todos.
Did you see that?
The display and display app placeholder
stay put and then everything else changes.
And so now that we have this working,
now let's go ahead and
actually just finish this
as far as placing that in.
Just to make things easy for
now let's just inside it todos,
we're just gonna render out
our TodoViewer, just here.
And then for our photos we will
just render out our photoGallery.
And again, no imports needed
now you'll see yes there's
all my data I go to my photos.
Weird what just happened here?
Todos, now todo is broken too,
what's going on?
So if I refresh that seems to be fine,
if we go to display, refresh, that's fine.
Photos, that's good,
when I switched from photos to todos,
once again something's breaking,
what's going on?
Anyone have a guess?
Once you've done this long enough,
you start to realize whenever you notice
something's not loading correctly.
Most likely,
there's some weird caching thing going on.
And it's because a lot of these
frameworks try to optimize for
like what they think you wanna do.
And so
the thing about things like slots and
next page is that it's trying to cache
the result, when in fact you want it to
basically every time it switches
you do want it to change.
So in other words,
what you really need to do is need
to assign a basically a dynamic key.
And the key on any sort of virtual DOM
thing is what's critical to basically
letting the V DOM know, hey,
this thing needs to be changed.
Basically, you're forcing a refresh
on this specific section,
not anywhere else just on this key.
And so you'll see this with
basically looped things V for,
basically any of that anytime you see
some weird glitch with that stuff.
Most likely,
there's something wrong with your key.
It does something to keep
in mind as going forward.
We don't have the tools quite yet
to fix this, but we'll get there.
So as you can see,
the two approaches result in, basically,
there are actually two different results.
They're not the same solution for
the, sorry,
these two approaches solve different
problems, and that's what's important.
This is not even
a preference thing anymore.
I like index.view or
I don't like index.view.
There's clearly something
regarding nested child routes and
all these things that are going on.
So just know that that's the difference.
For the most part, we're let's go
ahead and just move it back so
that we're back to the sort of
regular file structure directory.
Because again, nested views is something
that you you have something very
specific in mind that you're
trying to optimize for.
And I find that most of the time for
most people's routes third loop, really,
they just want the page, they're not
trying to do anything fancy just yet.
And so,
now that there's a difference with that.